this is Frank and mcdowell my own TV
station live in Sydney Nova Scotia
there's a risk of severe thunderstorms
in the state of Illinois on Thursday
april 20 for 2014 and it's going to
bring up to 20 to 30 plus millimeters of
rain and thunderstorms in some places in
Illinois it's going to be some strong
thunderstorm cells will be developing in
the state illinois on thursday and for
all 24 2014 because of the cold front
will be going through state of illinois
on thursday hey April 24th 2014 the cold
air and warm air won't be to each other
that's going to cause some risk of
severe thunderstorms there's a chance of
thunderstorms to the state of Illinois
anywhere from Springfield Illinois all
the way to Chicago Illinois and arrested
little noise well they're gonna be a lot
of frame possible for state of Illinois
on Thursday April 24th to thousands of
the 14 because of the cold fronts going
to the state illinois that's going to
cause some severe thunderstorms if you
have anybody live in the Illinois you
need to be prepared when they grow tight
you have to watch out for thunder clouds
in the state of Illinois hey watch out
for severe thunderstorms people in
Illinois being prepared have your ugg
boots ready ever ankles ready every
tools ready because it's going to be a
lot of frame in the state of Illinois
anywhere from Chicago to the southern
Illinois it's going to be some severe
thunderstorms in some places make sure
to have your rain gear when it grow
tight it's going to be cloudy with sunny
breaks and some severe thunderstorms and
thunderstorms possible for state of
Illinois order your pizzas nordea
Chinese food by case the Pepsi by cases
of coke
when it's under storm habits get inside
of your house so you can be safe and
have your ipad search have your ipod
search has your cell phone search have
your laptop search have your tablets
church have your dreams you for g night
rain during thunderstorms stay away from
the underneath the trees and stay away
from golf courses door severe
thunderstorms and when it go tight you
make short to be prepare for
thunderstorms when it's under storm
happens in the state of Illinois on
Thursday get inside your house so you
can be safe and stage right there is a
possible severe thunderstorms and
thundershowers in the state of Illinois
on Thursday and for the 24th 2014 haku
Beason locally severe thunderstorms with
heavy rain and chain lightning very loud
thunder best Lakia people in Illinois be
prepared for severe thunderstorms change
to severe thunderstorms on Thursday take
care stay safe dolica kotnis
thunderstorms be safe